(Yuma)
Last time on
"Yu-Gi-Oh! ZEXAL"...
The awesome power
of Barian Chaos
will leave you
quaking with fear!
It is an unstoppable
force of fury!
We can do this the easy way
or the hard way...
up to you.
Either way,
the real Shark
will swim again!
You deluded fool.
I was never your friend.
I never felt anything
for you or anyone else
except pity at
how pathetic you all are!
Huh?
That's right, Quattro.
Let your anger towards me grow.
It makes turning on you
so much simpler.
Symphony of Destruction!
Aah!...
You look like
the old Shark again,
and that proves that I am
getting through to you!
It must be our dueling
that's bringing back
the friend I once knew.
(growling)
Ugh... so,
is everyone okay?
(all groaning)
Yep, everybody is
absolutely fantastic!
(screaming)
Ugh!
Today I lost an old friend,
but I've gained a new enemy!
Yes, that's correct!
One who will destroy you!
It's time, Quattro.
Time for share
your friends' fate.
♪♪ (rock and roll)
♪ Still together as one ♪
♪ 'Cause divided we're none ♪
♪ Ready to go,
we feel the flow ♪
♪ So don't stand in our way ♪
♪ You know we ain't afraid ♪
♪ This is our time,
we're in control ♪
♪ If I trip up today ♪
♪ You just wipe it away ♪
♪ All of my fears
are gone, erased ♪
♪ Let us tear down the walls ♪
♪ Till the final night falls ♪
♪ The bonds of our souls
can't be replaced ♪
♪ Let us fight together ♪
♪ Regret it never ♪
♪ Our dreams
will be... ♪
♪ Halfway to ♪
♪ Forever ♪
♪ Our light comes
shining through ♪
♪ Reach down deep ♪
♪ Beat defeat ♪
♪ Do all that we can do ♪
♪ Halfway to ♪
♪ Forever ♪
♪ We've got nothing to lose ♪
♪ Keep breathing ♪
♪ Believing ♪
♪ Halfway to forever ♪♪
Quattro's signal's still
coming through okay.
I just hope that
he's still all right.
Have faith in
your brother, Trey.
We all have to have
faith in him.
There's use
doing anything else.
Right.
It's time, Quattro.
Time to meet the same fate
your friends did.
They couldn't defeat
my fellow emperors.
They failed, just as you will.
(growling)
No way!
I'm gonna take you
and your Barian buds out
one by one!
When I get through with you,
you're gonna wish you never
came to this planet!
Get ready!
I draw!
Haa!
(panting)
My luck hasn't run out yet.
I activate
the spell Triangle Gimmick Box!
By banishing three Xyz Monsters
from my graveyard,
I can summon a new Xyz Monster
by negating
its special abilities!
So I'm saying goodbye
to Gimmick Puppet
Giant Grinder,
Giant Hunter,
and Gimmick Puppet Of Strings!
I summon...
Number 88!
Gimmick Puppet of Leo!
That monster, it almost
beat me in our last duel.
If it uses up
all its Overlay Units,
I automatically lose the duel!
But you're so foolish
that you had to negate
that special ability
to summon it,
so your monster's like
a lion without claws or jaws.
In that case, I'm gonna
have to sharpen its fangs!
I activate
Rank-Up-Magic
Argent Chaos Force!
(tone echoes)
Ehh...
I overlay
Gimmick Puppet of Leo!
With this monster,
I rebuild the Overlay Network!
Go Chaos Xyz Evolution!
I summon Chaos Number 88,
Gimmick Puppet Disaster Leo!
(thunder booms)
Looks like this duel's
about to get chaotic,
and that's music to my ears!
(cackling)
Say hello to Chaos Number 88,
Gimmick Puppet Disaster Leo!
That monster of yours is
meaningless, Quattro.
As long as my Silent Honor Dark
has Chaos Overlay Units,
I'm unbeatable!
Yeah, because it can
keep getting resummoned.
And even worse,
you gain life points
equal to its attack points.
But now,
things will be different,
thanks to Disaster Leo's
special ability!
By using one Overlay Unit,
you take
4,000 points of damage!
What!?
Ferocious Firestorm!
Aah!
Not too shabby.
If Nash hadn't
stocked up on life points,
he would've been toast.
(grunts) I've still got
plenty of life points left
to take out a chump
like you out!
I don't care if you have
a billion life points,
you're still
going down, right now!
But how?
Allow me to explain.
Disaster Leo also has
Gimmick Puppet of Leo's
special abilities!
(gasps) Oh, no...
Oh, yes!
Since Disaster Leo
doesn't have any
Overlay Units right now,
I automatically win the duel
at the end of the turn!
(grunts)
Goodbye, Nash,
and good riddance.
Final Crackdown!
(roaring)
Unreal.
Yuma, I did it.
Nash is no more.
Oh, really?
Huh?!
I'm still here.
How could you survive?
I suggest you take
a close look at your monster.
What did you do?
How could Disaster Leo
still have an Overlay Unit?
Because I used
the trap Overlay Award,
you fool!
It let Silent Honor Dark
give your feline friend
an Overlay Unit.
That prevented Disaster Leo's
special ability from working.
(growls)
Doesn't matter
what you do,
you're not walking away
from this duel with a "W"!
Silent Honor Dark has
no more Overlay Units,
so the next time I destroy it,
it's not coming back.
I'll finish you
next turn for sure!
Only one thing is
sure, Quattro!
Your defeat.
I activate the spell
Cross Draw of Destiny!
We each draw one card.
If the card is a monster,
then it's summoned
on to the opponent's field
in defense mode,
but the owner gains life points
equal to that monster's
attack points.
(thinking)lf I don't draw
a monster here,
I lose.
(thinking)
One draw decides
everything.
(both) Ready...
Draw!
I can tell from your reaction
you didn't draw a monster.
Let's see what I drew.
Huh?
Looks like one of us
got what they needed.
You mean...?
That's right!
I drew a monster card.
Silent Wobby!
Because of Cross Draw
of Destiny's effect,
Silent Wobby goes to you,
and I get life points
equal to its attack points!
I activate Silent Honor Dark's
special ability!
Silent Wobby becomes
Silent Honor Dark's
Chaos Overlay Unit!
Silent Honor Dark,
get ready to battle!
Attack Disaster Leo!
(enormous boom)
As long as
Silent Honor Dark has
a Chaos Overlay Unit,
it comes back
even if it's destroyed.
Return from Oblivion!
And I just keep getting
more and more life points
every time it does!
Ahh!
No matter what I do,
he keeps on getting stronger!
And I don't plan on stopping.
I activate the spell...
Power Stream!
It becomes Silent Honor Dark's
Overlay Unit!
That means, due to that
Overlay Award card of yours,
I can't automatically win
with Disaster Leo's
special ability.
But that doesn't mean I lost
all my chances at victory.
Thanks to
Cross Draw Of Destiny,
I got lucky too.
And I drew a card that's
gonna help me crush you!
Haa!
It's the spell
Gimmick Vengeance!
Haa-haa!
Now you take damage equal to
Gimmick Puppet Disaster Leo's
attack points!
I'm just loving the fact that
this guy doesn't know
when to quit!
That's 3,500 points
of damage coming your way!
Aah!
All I need is
one more turn to...
(groans)
finish him off.
Well, too bad,
because you're not
going to get another turn.
Because Silent Honor Dark's
going to destroy
your Disaster Leo!
What are you talking about?
Silent Honor Dark has
fewer attack points
than Disaster Leo!
You're forgetting about
my Power Stream spell.
Huh?
It gives my Silent Honor Dark
an additional
1,000 attack points!
So now, your monster has
more attack points than mine!
It's over.
I can't believe I lost.
Goodbye, Quattro.
Silent Honor Dark,
attack Disaster Leo!
Huh?
Aah!
Ugh...
You never should have
challenged me, Quattro.
Winning was never
in the cards for you.
Yuma's waking up!
(groans) Hey, Tori.
How's it going?
Where are we?
We are traveling in
a four-wheeled vehicle
that is being driven
by Quinton.
What happened to me?
(Astral) Extreme battle fatigue
caused you to lose
consciousness
when the seven Barian
emperors appeared.
Yeah, that's right.
There was a flash,
and then all of a sudden
I could see Shark,
in, like, ancient times.
What about the others?
Is everybody okay?
What happened
to Bronk and Quattro?
To allow us to escape,
they... remained behind.
You mean they're...
they're fighting
the Barian Emperors,
all on their own?
(tone echoes)
Stop the car!
We just lost Quattro's signal!
(gasps)
Hey, Quinton.
If you lost
your brother's signal,
does that mean he's been
sent to Barian World?
There are still
five foes we must deal with,
Kite, Quinton, and Trey,
Astral, and Yuma.
(Quattro)
All right. We have
to search everywhere.
Do whatever it takes
to find them
and finish them.
We're gonna settle this,
Yuma, right now!
It's obvious from
that last duel
I can't afford
to underestimate Nash.
If he reaches
his full potential,
then even I couldn't beat him.
Oh, well.
Guess it's time to kick
nasty into overdrive.
No way.
It can't be true!
Quattro and Bronk
and the others are gone?
Why did this...
why did this
have to happen to them?
(sobbing) It's all my fault!
It's my fault that
they're all...
gone!
Yuma, it's not your...
(voice)
Fault?
(gasps)
Huh?
We're all to blame for this.
Kite!
There's no point in
sugarcoating the truth, Yuma.
We don't have time
for self-pity.
Quinton...
Trey...
Kite is right, Yuma.
Unless we finish
the Barians once and for all,
Quattro and the others
fought for nothing.
You're right.
But I don't get
why Shark turned on us
all of a sudden.
It doesn't matter.
Shark is a Barian now,
and we've got to
stop him no matter what.
I don't care if he is a Barian!
Shark's still our friend!
Quattro was his friend,
and Shark took him down.
Face it, Yuma.
He's no friend.
He's our enemy now.
I'm not giving up on Shark
or any other Barians!
I know we can convince them
to stop all this fighting!
Maybe it doesn't make sense,
but we've got to keep trying
to understand each other.
As long as we do that,
I know we can find
a way out of this.
(thinking) A path that
avoids battle!
All right.
Show us the way.
I don't have one.
(Astral) Perhaps I do.
Instead of fighting
the seven Barian Emperors,
let us eliminate the source
and defeat
Don Thousand instead.
Don Thousand?
Who's that?
Don Thousand is
the great Barian deity.
I defeated him long ago,
but he must have resurrected,
for only his great power
could cause
this much destruction.
Perhaps Don Thousand
used the emperors
to revive his own power.
Yeah!
Then let's go
to Barian World
and beat him!
That guy doesn't
stand a chance!
I won't be going with you.
Kite, what do you mean
you're not going?
Come on, Orbital.
Aye-aye, C-C-Captain!
I've got more
important things to do
than run around with you.
But, Kite, what could be
more important than this?
Well?
Kite, wait!
(tone echoes)
(Yuma) Kite!
(growling)
Yuma...
Trey and I are not
going with you.
For what the seven emperors
have done,
we're going to get
our revenge for Quattro!
Quattro wouldn't want that!
We gotta stick together!
He'd be the first in line
to go to Barian World!
We'll never know
if that's true,
'cause he's gone!
But Trey...
You go and run away
from the Emperors
like a coward.
You have to be strong
in order to take revenge.
I'm sick of
hearing you talk about
how dueling is
all about friendship.
If you want to know what
dueling's really about,
go and ask Quattro.
(tires screech)
Our allies have deserted us.
We'll be fine.
Let 'em go.
But Trey's wrong
about dueling...
and I'll prove it!
Yuma, this mission is
too dangerous
for Tori and our friends.
(whimpers)
Ha!
Tori, you and the guys go
and give my Grandma a message.
Tell her I won't be
back for dinner,
but have my breakfast ready!
Yuma, what if you don't...
I'll be fine, Tori.
Really.
Trust me.
Don't you believe him, Tori!
You're going with him!
(both grunt)
(both) Hey, what the...
Now, Tori,
Yuma's your responsibility.
Make sure he stays
safe and sound,
or you'll have to deal with me,
which would be a catastrophe!
(sighing)
Hey, Cathy,
why'd you make Tori
go with Yuma?
I want to go,
but Tori's perfect
for this mission.
If I went, Yuma wouldn't
be able to focus.
He'd just want
to spend time with me.
I must say Trey,
this is delectable.
What is it called again?
It's duel fuel.
A Tsukumo specialty.
Imagine if Yuma could duel
as good as this tastes.
Trey, I'm sorry
we had to leave Yuma
the way we did.
There was
no other way, Quinton.
We knew the Barians
were minutes away.
And if Yuma knew about that,
he would have insisted
on battling them,
but this way, he'll carry out
his mission to take on
Don Thousand instead.
He and Astral are the only ones
who can end this battle.
We'll be the decoys
and draw the Barians
to us instead,
till they're
safely on their way.
Quinton, you really believe
Yuma can do this, don't you?
Yuma's our last chance, Trey.
I believe in him,
because he's always
feeling the flow.
You two pests know
where Yuma and Kite are,
and I want to know right now.
Not a chance, Mizar.
We'll never tell you anything!
I believe the power
of my Galaxy-Eyes
will sway you.
There's only one way
to find out.
Besides, if we chickened out,
Quattro would never
let us live it down.
(chuckling)
You can ask him yourself.
You'll be with him very soon.
♪♪